doc: update README.md (#44)
ansible-collections/partner-certification-checker: README.md

To run the certification checks against pull requests and on schedule:

1. Copy the [Ansible collection certification GitHub Actions workflow](https://github.com/ansible-collections/certification/blob/main/.github/workflows/certification.yml) to the `.github/workflows` directory of your collection repository.

> 1. Add the [.ansible-lint](.ansible-lint) file to your collection's root directory and list all files and directories you want Ansible Lint to ignore to avoid failures on files unrelated to the collection's core functionality. Commit and push the changes to your upstream repository on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add an [.ansible-lint](.ansible-lint) configuration file to the root directory of your collection. List any files and folders that are not related to the collection's core functionality, such as `.github/`, so that Ansible Lint does not warn about violations in those files and folders. Commit and push the changes to your upstream repository on GitHub.
```
